Rewrite OpenSCAP (#2173)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_examining-compliance-failures-of-a-host.adoc

Author: Skip this file for now, it's still WIP.

[id="Examining_Compliance_Failures_of_a_Host_{context}"]
= Examining Compliance Failures of a Host

> Use this procedure to examine a full compliance report, determine why a host failed compliance on a rule, and in some cases, find out how to bring the host into compliance using a remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to examine a full compliance report, determine why a host failed compliance on a rule, and in some cases, find out how to bring the host into compliance using remediation.
```

> Use this procedure to examine a full compliance report, determine why a host failed compliance on a rule, and in some cases, find out how to bring the host into compliance using a remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this procedure, a full compliance report can be examined to determine why a host failed compliance on a rule, and in some cases, how to remediate the issue.
```
Another option if you wish.

Author: @mjivraja Thank you, but we shouldn't use passive voice.

|====

.Compliance and Scoring
The Compliance and Scoring area provides an overview of whether or not the host is in compliance with the profile rules, a breakdown of compliance failures by severity, and an overall compliance score as a percentage.
If compliance with a rule was not checked, this is categorized in the *Rule results* field as *Other*.

.Rule Overview
The Rule Overview area provides details about every rule and the compliance result, with the rules presented in a hierarchical layout.

Select or clear the checkboxes to narrow the list of rules included in the compliance report.
For example, if the focus of your review is any non-compliance, clear the *pass* and *informational* checkboxes.

To search all rules, enter a criterion in the *Search* field.
The search is dynamically applied as you type.
The *Search* field only accepts a single plain-text search term and it is applied as a case-insensitive search.
When you perform a search, only those rules whose descriptions match the search criterion will be listed.
To remove the search filter, delete the search criterion.

For an explanation of each result, hover the cursor over the status shown in the *Result* column.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
